Teacher, I understand. Forebrain, why are you here? If I don’t come, he will be killed by you in the assembly.
I'm so old. Forehead, you didn't inform me in advance when I saw you. I wanted to pick you up. We are at sea.
Meng Film and Television is also looking forward to when you can tell us about the work. Forebrain, you don’t know.
This delicate position is originally yours, but as it is, an unplasticized piece of garbage has been arranged for you.
Come up with the plastic. I think this unsculpted person is yours. Please take it. I heard that you won’t be able to do it for half a year.
Go, let me tell you the truth,
Qiwei Sales is a company under our Central Television Bank
Mr. Lu is our former student
It is even more easily grasped by the old man
There are old students
There's someone behind the scenes doing some tricks and thinking it's a dream
Talented people like Mr. Chen
But you made me your concubine
I've already lost touch with your public opinion.
Behind the scenes is actually the business.